# Halloween 2024-10-22

## Touchstones

- The Beyond (1981)

## Concept

- The players have inherited a small hotel from a long lost relative. 
- After spending all their money getting their and on supplies, they have started on rebuilding the hotel.

## Factions

- The **Artist** wants to open the hellgate.

## DOOM clock

| Happened | Event |
| --- | --- |
| | The handymen accidentally breach hotel room 6, awakening The **Artist**. |
| | One of the housemaids is the first victim of the **Artist**. Whispers in room 6. |
| | The visiting doctor is consumed by the **Artist**. Whispers in the hotel. |
| | One of the handymen is consumed by the **Artist**. Whispers everywhere. |
| | One of the plumbers accidentally removes the false wall and is promptly consumed by the gates |
| | The **Artist** disables everyone that enters the hotel and throws them in the gate. Five **Drones** are created. |
| | All pathways lead to the hotel, either the exterior or the interior. |
| | Enough victims have been dragged to the hellgate; it expands and consumes the hotel. The world follows. |

## Custom Fallout

1. **Hellvision**: you see an decay where ever you look. Your eyes turn yellow.
2. **Corruption**: there are vermin crawling under your skin. Make a **CTRL** save whenever you have HP damage or suffer one extra stress. Inflict 1 **STR** damage to remove them for 24 hours.
3. **Painter**: once per night you get a vision of something that you can not articulate but you can paint/draw. The vision is something that happened during the day.
4. **Hunger**: You develop an unnatural hunger for the unusual. If you do not satiate your appetite for 24 hours, take the Deprived tag. When you eat, restore HP and give 1d4 stress to any that can see. After the first instance, roll 3d6. If the total is higher than your current STR, take the new result.
5. **Scarred**: Every wound you inflict leaves its ragged mark upon your body. After the first instance, make a CTRL Save. If you pass, increase your max STR by 1d4.
6. **Mirror hell**: You can see the hell that will be in the mirrors. 
7. **Nightmares**: You have recurring nightmares. Roll CTRL to retain a flash of memory.
8. **Communion of Flesh**: You can communicate with the drones. This will not cause them to ignore you; they will just grab you last.
9. **Eater of the dead**: You only gain sustenance by eating raw meat.
10. **Drawer**: You lose all abilities to write and talk; however you gain the ability to make photorealistic drawings of whatever you want to communicate.
   
## Hooks

## Potential Clues

- A map in the library displays a way bigger hotel than there actually is; it changes every so often.
- The voices whisper the name of the **Artist** to whoever is alone in room 6 or the basement.
- When passing the hotel there seem to be people inside, staring outside and shuffling around. On entering, nothing is there.
- A book in the library is a biography of the **Artist**, saying he has a penchant for nihilistic imagery reminiscent of the hellscapes of Bosch and that he disappeared in 1929 when visiting **The Village**. It contains a reprint of a letter sent to a fan, saying "the voices are taking me there".
- In the archives of the hotel there is a record of the **Artist** checking in on march 7th, 1929. There is no check-out date. The room number is room 6.
- Room 6 contains a small journal containing sketches of an erupting mountain, what looks like the dead walking the earth and ruined cities.
- Room 6 contains a heavily damaged bath, full of dirty water. When looking at the water, one can see the mutilated corpse of the **Artist**. 
- The library contains a microfilm of the newspaper celebrating the arrival of the **Artist**. However, other newspapers quickly turn sour as his aberrant behavior and "unholy" paintings become common knowledge. The last newspaper, four days later, tells that the mayor talked to him and he "returned from whence he came".
- When talking to the great-granddaughter of the then mayor, she lets them use the family archives if given a valid excuse. They can find his journal, containing an admission of guilt (of killing the **Artist** after being shown "that horrible THING in the basement") and the subsequent actions: killing him, burning his body in the bath-tub using quick-lime, burying the body in the basement and hiding the room.
- The bell for room 6 keeps on ringing.

## NPCs

- The **Artist** needs one victim for each form. He consumes the victims whole after killing them. He has no physical presence, and only visible in reflective surfaces. He can try to possess a victim and do one violent action after the victim makes eye contact with him in the mirror. A **CTRL** roll avoids this. He can be defeated by burning his bones. 
  - His first form is confined to the bathroom at night, where he was murdered. 
  - In his second form he can also manifest in his room.
  - In his third form he can manifest everywhere in the hotel.

- The **Drones** are people eaten and regurgitated by the hellgate. For all intents and purposes they act like zombies. Their goal is to fetch more mortals for the gate. **STR**: 14 **DEX**: 10 **CTRL**: 14 **HP**: 4. Tearing hands: d6. Can teleport, near a potential victim as long as no-one is looking.

### Villagers

| Name | Occupation | Face-Cast | 
| --- | --- |  --- |
| Marcus Tyler | Store owner | Gibbs in NCIS |
| Greta Meyers | Veterinarian / Doctor | Asia Argento, terza madre |
| Miley Parsons | Mayor (also great-granddaughter) | Susan, Dawn of the Dead (2004)  |
| Elliot Butler | Handyman | Peter, Dawn of the Dead |
| Zoey Butler | Handyman | Vasquez, Aliens |
| Chandler Nunez | Handyman | Jack Black |
| Casey Nunez | Housemaid | Francine, Dawn of the dead |

## Locations

### The Hotel

- Long lost glory, last updated in the '30s. 
- Good structure, run-down interior.
- Large interior, some wildlife got in. Droppings everywhere. The kitchen and living room are untouched and can be used as a base of operations. 
- In the office there are some old-school bells, connected via wires. They still work.
- Room 6: some paintings of hellscapes, the hotel. Run down bathroom, with filled bathtub (see potential clues).

### The Village

- Located in the wilds of British Columbia. Nearest bigger town is 100 miles away.
- Small, 250 people max. Mostly loggers and their family.
- Has a small library/mayoral residence. 
- Has a small hunting/hardware/general store.
- No cellphone coverage. There are some satellite phones in the village. Limited internet and regular phone lines.
